[Music]
oh god i'm so tired [ __ ]
oh why does this happen
[Music]
quite a few people wrote in asking if i
would be willing to debate this issue
with vegan gains and one person who has
read this book wrote in with the much
more interesting question of whether or
not i read it myself
this book
i purchased as a gift for my girlfriend
and i think you can tell from the
bookmark in it it's a book she has been
reading but hasn't finished yet i as
much as i've mentioned this book as much
advice as i've endorsed this book and
i've put my money down for a copy of it
i have not read one page of this book
yet if vegan gains were to follow up
with the invitation to have a debate if
the games would have returned to saying
as he has said publicly before that he'd
like to debate me on this issue
my counteroffer would be you know what
richard
you and i both need to read this book
and richard i haven't read i haven't
it's not a book i've already read myself
i would be willing to live stream myself
reading the book i would do a study with
me live stream where i sit and have the
camera on for like four hours at a time
and i'm reading the book and taking
notes on it maybe once in a while chit
chatting with the audience about
something interesting reading the book
or responding to questions
and richard i mean i'm not gonna force
you
but you know what it's like to live
stream for four hours or eight hours you
do it all the time when you're just
playing video games or talking about
things off top of your head
i would say that's probably a really
productive way for you to read this book
also
and the conclusion of that process you
and i both taking the time to read this
book
i don't think we would have a debate i
think we'd have a discussion
i think probably if you and i had both
just read the book and taken notes on it
and it's all freshmen probably we'd just
be saying man do you remember that part
in chapter six where he talks about like
we would probably just be sitting and
agreeing with each other about how
interesting and thought-provoking this
is from different angles because i know
i know your perspective on the
scientific literature and i don't think
you disagree with me nearly as much as
you think you do
now if you think this is completely
unprecedented i just point out there was
a time when richard got on the phone
with an issue when he had a live stream
talking to an scn
an initiate began by asking richard oh
did you come here to have a debate
and richard said back i'm only slightly
paraphrasing he said no
i'm not here to debate you
i thought we could just have a
discussion because i thought i could
actually help you that was a situation
where richard wasn't trying to
insult and denigrate and bully someone
but where he really did just try to help
anissian because an issue was at that
point ex-vegan and soon enough he was
going to become ex-vegetarian because of
his struggles irony of ironies to get
enough protein
when he was on the vegan diet so
it is possible not everything has to be
a pissing contest not everything has to
be a competition over who has a larger
penis
um
you know
we can take these conflicts as an
opportunity to learn something new to
improve as individual people and to work
for a better future
for planet earth
and yeah to some extent for the vegan
movement